CNV#54819: minor rework of virt description (#87109)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-what-you-can-do-with-virt.adoc

endif::[]
ifdef::openshift-origin[]
{VirtProductName} provides the scalable, enterprise-grade virtualization functionality in {product-title}.
endif::[]
You can use it to manage virtual machines (VMs) exclusively or alongside container workloads.

ifndef::openshift-origin,openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]
[NOTE]
====
If you have a {ove-first} subscription, you can run unlimited VMs on subscribed hosts, but you cannot run application instances in containers. For more information, see the subscription guide section about link:https://www.redhat.com/en/resources/self-managed-openshift-subscription-guide#section-8[{ove-first} and related products].
====
endif::[]

{VirtProductName} adds new objects into your {product-title} cluster by using Kubernetes custom resources to enable virtualization tasks. These tasks include:

* Creating and managing Linux and Windows VMs
* Running pod and VM workloads alongside each other in a cluster
* Connecting to VMs through a variety of consoles and CLI tools
* Importing and cloning existing VMs
* Managing network interface controllers and storage disks attached to VMs
* Live migrating VMs between nodes

> You can manage your cluster and virtualization resources by using the virtualization administrator view in the {product-title} web console or the command line.

Reviewer: Teeny nit for the purpose of clarity

```suggestion
You can manage your cluster and virtualization resources by using the CLI or the virtualization administrator view in the {product-title} web console.
```

Author: Good point! I'm keeping the web console mention first in line (since that's what folks are more likely to use, IIUC). I am hoping this edit adds more clarity, though it's not particularly concise:

> You can manage your cluster and virtualization resources by using the *Virtualization* perspective of the {product-title} web console, and by using the {oc-first}.

> You can manage your cluster and virtualization resources by using the virtualization administrator view in the {product-title} web console or the command line.

Reviewer: I haven't seen the latest version of the UI, but should administrator view be **Administrator** perspective, similar to the formatting on the [OCP page](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.17/web_console/web-console-overview.html#about-administrator-perspective_web-console-overview)?

Author: I think this is referring to the *Virtualization* view/perspective(?) that is available as an alternative to *Administrator* and *Developer*. Good point that it should probably have the UI element formatting...
